Add scim to okta and azure ad (#1506)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/sso-rbac/sso-providers/saml/azure-ad.md

1. Head to the `Single sign on` section in the application configuration, and edit the `Attributes & Claims`.
2. Press the `Add a group claim` button
3. Select `Groups assigned to the application` and in the source attribute select `Cloud-only group display names`.
4. Assign the relevant groups you want to expose to the application, these will be ingested into Port as teams you can use to manage user permissions and RBAC in your Port account.

## SCIM Configuration

> AzureAD SAML applications supports [SCIM](https://auth0.com/docs/authenticate/protocols/scim). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AzureAD SAML applications support [SCIM](https://auth0.com/docs/authenticate/protocols/scim). 
```

> To set up SCIM for AzureAD SAML based applications, contact Port's support team. You will be provided with an SCIM `endpoint` and `token` which are required to set up the SCIM integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up SCIM for AzureAD SAML based applications, contact Port's support team.

You will be provided with:

- An SCIM `endpoint`
- An SCIM `token`

 The `endpoint` and `token` will be used to set up the SCIM integration in your identity provider.
```
